Add the Embree+Double-Down change to June 2025's news (#1144)
neams-th-coe/cardinal: doc/content/news/june2025.md

  []
[]
```

## Performance Improvements for Particle Transport on CAD Geometry

We added two optional dependencies to Cardinal: [Double-Down](https://github.com/pshriwise/double-down) and [Embree](https://github.com/RenderKit/embree).
Embree is a high-performance single-precision ray tracing library and Double-Down is a wrapper library which enables double-precision ray-triangle
intersection tests in Embree. This addition results in substantial gains in single-thread performance and threaded scalability for particle transport
on triangulated CAD geometries compared to native MOAB raytracing. Cardinal can be built with both of these libraries by exporting `ENABLE_DOUBLE_DOWN=yes`.

> At present, we are still ironing out some compilation issues - if you experience difficulties building Cardinal with Double-Down and Embree please post on

Reviewer: ```suggestion
At present, these capabilities are disabled by default due to compilation issues on some (but not all) platforms - if you experience difficulties building Cardinal with Double-Down and Embree please post on
```
